alright I'm finally gonna answer some of
the questions y'all I have about the
different mayor's I know and who my
special somepony is so let's get started
electro skittle one asked what do you
think of zebra Sakura well she's pretty
nice she's actually a tea chaplain to
have a bit more patience waiting for a
cutie mark to arrive but overall she's
more of a friend of the family
boring come on tell em the good stuff
already
what discord where the hey are you I
really don't feel like prairie-dogging
it again ah don't worry so much I'm not
here to torch your woods or anything
I'm only doing a little dimension
jumping ish I make one day exciting and
suddenly everypony thinks I'm breaking
bad or something well okay but I was
just about to answer some important
questions yes you were hush now quiet
now cetera okay let's get started here
all right the first question is hmm if
you had to have one of the following
fillies I think that's how you say it as
you special somepony which would you
choose
Fluttershy Twilight Sparkle or Rainbow
Dash I personally think you look the
cutest with Fluttershy well first of all
fix your grammar okay Wow see Fluttershy
Fluttershy well the thing about those
types the nature ones are always a
little bit crazy don't you think I mean
have you seen how mad she can get plus
she talks to freaking animals I just
can't take a stressful relationship like
that or rather I can't take a
relationship where I'm not the one
providing stress next stop of the lunar
army asked if you could have a once-off
one Nayar with anypony completely off
the record who would it be and why this
is the calibre of questions I'll be
receiving
now you do realize that nights when I'm
around here are only five minutes long
right I don't really get it myself
either now why not have the fling on the
record and have it be five minutes with
DJ pon3 record
oh I crack myself up oh yeah so wild
night of five minute upside down speed
Jenga that's what a fling is right up
next is so there's probably someone out
there who thinks of you and Rainbow Dash
together thoughts mmm that sounds like
fun then I get one of those changelings
to become her to double rainbows all the
way mmmm memes aside I have to get
double the gifts anyway moving on and
finally are you familiar with the
concept of the apple of discord okay
listen here an ani mouse
I don't think Big Mac would like you
talking about his sister like that she
is cute though well this was quite fun
grammar aside maybe we'll do it again
next season but for now I think there
are some royal guards coming to visit
our dear Big Mac so Rima Dorjee could
you come with us sir now
every day I'm shuffling